ladies and gentlemen and low-lives
you're in a privileged position to learn
a thing or two it is with outstanding
pleasure that we are here to present
your boy bazaar and I'm fishing for
hip-hop
calling all you fish me now or you
hip-hop artists let's hit the lake I
will challenge anybody
Young Buck Shorty BTI
or you got like two fish come holla at
me especially you buck yeah
I've got the power to command
yeah whoa
sort of talk about baby doing what we do
we fishing for hip-hop bizarre will you
ant been where you
you
young buck young buck man I don't know
man you pull holla at you man
calling you calling you out
in a big man Bazaar doing what he do
we'll be right back
yeah za got him one get on the boat go
fishing for hip-hop we doing what we
doing we'll be right back right after
this I've got the power to command
distribution
Noby was good man I heard um made an
announcement of something they talkin
crazy in the media about you ain't down
with d12 no more you he left the group
you doing your solo thing like dementia
peoples no more like tell me what's good
with that man was what's going on with
that I'm just taking a break right now
and fishing as you can see you know
pursue some movie opportunities because
it doesn't make sense to start a group
be a part of a group and like your
brother's pretty sure yeah I got crazy
history crazy stories you know I'm
saying so nobody could just walk away
from something like that I mean that's
your life that's what makes you who you
are it's a part of you you know I mean
so all you media heads out there stop
the propaganda stop the madness man then
the man doing his solo thing he out here
fishing for hip-hop give him back d12
for life you know when he getting it in
man helping the kids part of fish Inc
right for sure number respect over here
so stay focused look out for the movies
coming it's coming
yo thanks for tuning in fishing for
hip-hop cause man but no we did what we
had to do today for some nights I'll
pitch with this man we fishing for
hip-hop man you're fast